Hello, and welcome back to the Rawkode Academy.
I am your host, David Flanagan, also known
across the Internet as Rawkode.
And today is an episode of Rawkode Live,
the show where we take a look at
all the latest and greatest open source cloud
native projects.
And today is no exception. We are taking
a look at a project called Preak, as
you may have gathered from the intro music.
It's gonna help us build and run more
reliable software. And our guest and host for
today is
20,000,000.
Hey, man. How's it going?
Listen.
I don't think I'm blown away by that
song. Like, I think we should just put
that on a loop and make that the
lifestyle. That's incredible.
I'm doing great. This was like, that that
was amazing. That was hilarious. That was awesome.
Should we just quickly go ahead? I mean,
you know, that's that was amazing.
AI today in 2025.
What time? Like, the fact that that song
can be put together, and I don't even
need to know how to play a guitar
or anything. So It's a real no. It's
a real band. That's the community put that
together. Can we Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. For
sure. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. No. It's awesome to
be here. I your your podcast is amazing.
We were just talking earlier about the WASM
the WASM podcast you did a couple of
days ago or weeks ago. It was
awesome to be here. Thank you for your
time.
Yeah. Thank you for joining me. So for
anyone who's not familiar with you and your
work, please take a little bit of time
just to say hello and tell them what
you've been up to. Yeah. So my name
is Tony. I'm a CTO at a company
called Prequel
and a maintainer of a tool called Preq.
Quick background from me is I spent my
first
ten years of my career
doing vulnerability and exploit development here in The
US at a place called the National Security
Agency. So I loved working there. The mission
was really fun,
really humbling experience.
You jump into the deep end, and it's
a very hard,
job and but a fun mission.
But, you know, I don't know if this
is, known widely, but the government can sometimes
be, this, you know, big bureaucratic organization that
moves slow sometimes.
So I ended up leaving in 2014
to join a startup, so, the opposite end
of the spectrum. And it was a company
called
Endgame, where we were building an endpoint security
product.
So I was there for for a while
as VP of engineering, and we ended up
selling that business to a company called Elastic,
the makers of Kibana and Elasticsearch.
Really big in open source, and that's kind
of how I got my first introduction into
working with open source communities. So I was
there for
quite a while doing
a VP of engineering, but
I still would find every excuse to cancel
a meeting, go jump on an incident or
not. I should go chase the bug. I
think it was probably chasing the first ten
years of my career.
I've always sort of been haunted by problems
in software and bugs and curious to
I think the best way to understand software
is when it breaks. And so we ended
up building a product to kind of help
practitioners, engineers figure out when their software breaks,
that's how we ended up on Preak.
Awesome.
Yeah. Lots of love there.
I've skipped over the government, alright. Okay.
You know, working on security is obviously gonna
teach you a lot. Working
with bugs, of course. I love that you
mentioned that, you know, software
does break and people are human and people
introduce bugs every single day and things go
wrong. And one of my shows called clustered
that I haven't done in a long time,
but I'd love to bring it back. People
always said, oh, the breaks are too contrived,
and the premise of the show was live
debugging. And I'm like, yeah. But people shouldn't
have to know this stuff. But when you
do, you do. Right? And it's like when
things go wrong, when things are broken, when
shit really hits the fan, that has been
you learn all these little tiny nuggets of
knowledge that you would never learn under any
book or other circumstance than when things are
on fire. And I think that is a
great way. And people should embrace failures and
bugs and all of this stuff. But we
have this
not that I wanna try and solve software
engineering as a community or anything. Right? But
there's a stigma, and we need to kinda
get past that and be vulnerable and be
willing to make mistakes in public. And, yeah,
I wish more people would do that anyway.
Yeah. Yep. Totally agree. That's why I think
it's really cool that we're taking a look
at Preak by Prequel
founded by yourself on this show. So
what is Preak?
Yeah. I guess there's you know, the short
version is
like, if you've ever written software or even,
you know, used it,
and and this could be, you know, SaaS
software or it could be Ubuntu,
whatever it is, You know, like we just
said, it inevitably breaks.
You know, all too often, you know, especially
if you're, you know, a maintainer or engineer
that has to support that software, even if
you're in customer success and you've, you know,
got a bunch of known issues with older
versions of software, know, when it breaks, you
often go on this hunt, and you're looking
through all of this data. You you start
with your investigation,
you know, hours, sometimes days later, you'll end
up like, oh, here's a known issue with
a bunch of other people that have run
into the same thing, and here's what they
did to fix it. And, oh, let me
try that. Okay. Cool. That fixed it. Now
let me put a detection in place.
And
that I don't like that world. That world's
not fun to live in. I mean, look.
I love doing investigations. I love it when
software breaks,
but it's always that bittersweet moment whenever you
find that issue that other people have seen.
I think Preak is sort of our
our vision is to kind of create a
world where if someone in the world has
seen this problem before,
that should be the last time. That first
time should be the last time. And then
we should start with that detection and share
that knowledge.
Kind of we call it reliability intelligence,
common reliability enumerations.
But I think that's that's the goal of
PREC is how do you come up with
a way where you can start with a
detection first that actually shows you the problem
and the mitigation? Like, here's what the rest
of the community has done when they've seen
this problem.
Yeah. I love that. You're building
a library, a collective knowledge, if you will,
of
things that go wrong in software and allowing
people to detect that early upfront, a shift
left if you wanna throw in a corporate
buzzword. Right? That is a a good mission,
a very noble mission indeed. Yeah. We're giving
Sorry. I was just gonna say it's like
we're it's it's sort of a new idea
and reliability, but it's also an approach that
has worked really well in security for twenty
years because it was a similar situation
in the early 2000s where you would have
individuals chasing problems, but those problems were security
problems. And then eventually tools were created to
share that knowledge and to allow that one
person to benefit from that community knowledge. And
that's kind of the same principle here.
So
let's rewind it back to the beginning. Right?
You've done your government job. You decided to
go do something different. You ended up at
Elastic. You're doing open source, and then you
were like, you know what? I am gonna
start my own company. Was this your first
idea? Why did you have this idea? What
is the history behind this? Yeah.
Good question. So it's definitely a scary prospect
to start your
own thing, but
it was sort of a problem that we
couldn't escape. So my co founder and I,
Lynne and Brown, both we met at Endgame.
Like I said earlier, software
failure is just an inevitable thing that happens
when you're building a software product. It's just
going to happen.
And again, it was always just like bittersweet
moment when we would have a customer issue
or an outage,
and we found that here's this known issue
in this version of this message queue you're
using. And I was like, cool, we found
it. But also what a bummer that people
in the community have known about this for
so long. It just sort of nagged us.
I think I ended up writing a blog
in 2017 about this where we had this
customer outage that lasted a week,
and we found the issue. It was a
known issue that had been discovered in the
community about three months prior to that.
And it was just always like, how do
you start with the detection first? Because today,
you kind of have to start with the
investigation. A customer tells you there's an outage
or there's some metric threshold that's ringing an
alarm, and you have to start with your
investigation. So I think it's just something that
we couldn't escape and the problem kind of
chased us.
With some of the recent technologies like eBPF
and sort of some of the lessons that
we learned building an endpoint security product, we
kind of thought maybe there's a different approach
that we could take and take some of
the lessons that we learned in security and
bring them to reliability.
Nice.
Alright. Before we get hands on then,
who is this for? Right? Is this for
every single developer? Is it gonna make their
lives easier? Is it for Rust developers, Go
developers, PHP developers? Like, who is Prequel's
ideal audience? Who should be paying attention right
now?
Yeah.
Very good question. So
I think there's some obvious answers. If you've
ever had to wear a pager and get
called in whenever something breaks,
That's definitely and and this could be someone
in the SRE team or customer success. You
know, if you've had to go out and
debug a product that your company is, you
know, providing and there's a bunch of known
issues, I think this is definitely a a
tool pre can can help you and common
reliability numerations can help you.
But I actually think the world is is
also a little bit bigger than that too.
So if you're a developer that's building your
own application that's being hosted and you wanna
have some proactive detections for common problems that
especially older versions could run across,
this is definitely something that, you know, those
those engineers could use. And I'll even say,
like, look. I I've been a Linux user
for a long time. I love Linux. But,
like, every once in a while, like, it's
just stuff breaks. If you upgrade to the
latest version of something, your NVIDIA driver doesn't
work. And so I actually think there's a
cool opportunity for
if you've got some known issues in your
MacOS laptop or your Ubuntu box,
Instead of hunting and spelunking through all of
the, like, customer support message boards, there's, like,
an opportunity to to do something there too.
Awesome.
Are you running Linux right now? I am.
And it's a bold move, and we'll see
how it goes.
What distro?
Ubuntu.
Ubuntu. No. I I I've I've, you know,
I've been previous user. KDE
used ads, but, you know, you can't Ubuntu
is fine. Alright. Well, I'll give you the
fear. A man in the chat is an.
Me too, Ben. Oh,
know. Your reputation precedes you. I I'm aware.
I also I love Nexus, and I run
it on my laptop because I never have
to stream from it, and it's not a
problem.
But I've had so many issues
on a stream where someone's like, oh, just
download my binary. And I'm like, mate, come
on. I'm running next. I I can't I
can't do dynamic linking, and then it ends
up it's just it's a horrible, horrible stream.
So now I've used art specifically just for
this rig, but I have recently moved away
from running Gnome or KDE, and I'm on,
like, a weird Whalen to Thailand thing. And
all I'm gonna say is if I disappear,
it's not intentional. And Okay. No. I get
it. Things could happen. So it was that
actually never know, like you said. So You
could tell tell the rest of people on
my team too when that happens to me.
Like, hey. I'm not the only one. That
means all of us. We're we're we're
I love it when someone sends me a
Zoom link, and I'm like, I mean, I
could try. I mean We'll see how it
goes. We'll see. Never worked in the last
six months, but maybe today's a day. Yeah.
Who knows? Who knows? Well, Russell's in the
chat. I love the the first time I
mentioned clustered in months and Russell just pops
in the chat. And also, happen to be
wearing the clustered T shirt today. It's just
something I think is telling me that clustered
needs to come back. So Well, I'm embarrassed
to admit. I don't actually know what clustered
is. What is that?
It's a show where I provision two handcrafted
artisanal bare metal Kubernetes cluster and then give
them to people and say, do your worst,
then they break them. And then we fix
all these. And you're and you you you
haven't done this in a while? You definitely
have to bring us back. Yeah. We did,
like, 60 episodes,
but then it just well, I I I
quit my job and started the Rawkode Academy
full time in September 22. And funnily enough,
since it happened, custard hasn't happened. And I
I wonder if there's a correlation. I don't
know. Well, not company is hard. So you
know? That's cool. That's cool, though. That's awesome.
Alright. Let's get some terminals on the screen.
So let's see.
Where's my screen share? So I'm gonna kick
things off today, hopefully, you know, Linux and
all. But what I have here
is
not my screen. Let's try it again.
There we go. I have the Prequel website,
so it's available at prequel.dev.
We could go to features. We could click
an open source. As always, with Rawkode Live,
we're gonna go straight to the docs and
look for the wonderful getting started button,
which we can already see.
I don't have anything else prepared.
Except for my new shell. I don't have
pre installed, so we are starting from complete
zero.
What what is your weird shell, by the
way? I saw that you don't use bash.
Right? What are you using?
New shell. So it's a shell written in
Rust. Okay. Written in Rust may be a
common thing you hear me say
through all my sessions. What I love about
it is every command is a data frame.
So when you run LS, this is actually
a data frame where you can then see,
well, where the size is greater than or
equal to, like, one megabyte and stuff. So
that was a terrible example because I don't
have any files, but let's go with 400
bytes. That's cool. And then you could actually,
like, get it as a a table or
a a grid and, like I'm not gonna
go into new shell right now, but it's
a very cool very cool shell.
The only downside is nothing works, like, the
way you expect. So you have to, like,
relearn how to do everything. Like, even acting
the accessing the environment is, like you know?
Oh, good. That's probably not gonna go well
for me. I've been using Vim forever, and
I still only know, like, four commands, and
it's, like, 30.
Alright.
Let's get this installed. So
I can see here we've got some sort
of terminal CLI,
and we're just gonna download this and run.
I mean, I see w get right away,
and I'm like, we we why? Like, curl
exists. What why are we That's fair. And
as you go on, you'll see we ended
up moving over to curl in our docs.
We weren't consistent, and I will definitely change
this to curl. But the rest of it,
we do eventually switch over.
I I happen to know the wget developer
though, the wget two especially. So, you know,
I gotta get them both ones.
I
mean, wget is is I mean, curl is
just a de facto. Right? I mean, I
love the the author of it, Daniel. I
can't remember your surname. Sorry. But the fact
that he's got credits in, like, every car
in the world and even movie credits and
stuff because Carl is just so ubiquitous.
It's so cool. Wait. So you say movie
credits?
Yeah. Because they use Carl on making movies
now. So it's like some of the movies
that he can just go to the end
of it, there's like this he's in it,
and it's, like, weird. So So you're telling
me if I can get someone in a
movie to use Preak, we're gonna get credit?
Is that what I'm hearing?
I think that's the way it runs. Right?
That was pretty cool. Alright. Know. Today, I
learned.
Yeah. Alright. I'm gonna check my. I don't
think the talks do that yet, but I'm
just gonna assume I've done my tar.
And then oh, you want me to stick
it somewhere I can run it? That probably
makes sense. Alright.
Okay. So
run zero move.
Mean, I can stick it somewhere else. But
Okay. So alright. Run zero.
Look. I thought I knew stuff, but I
what what is is that a new new
thing, or is that what what am I
looking at? What's run zero?
I I mean, we're supposed to be focusing
on preach today. Come on. I I know.
And we will. Trust me. If you go
to preach, give it a star. Okay. What
is run zero?
So you know how sudo works. Right? Is
that they have a set UID bit of
one, which means it's really in unsecured. So
run zero was
oh, what's your name? Pottering.
System d guy. Anyway,
he
basically wrote his own privilege escalation
or elevation, whatever you wanna call it, tool,
which is part of system d called run
zero that then runs through the system d
stack to elevate my privileges,
and it's super secure. So I'm now just
trying to use it as much as possible.
That's cool.
Another I know you're in TK exec before
I just sudo as well, which is polka
exec. So Mhmm. Mhmm. I'm I'm just trying
to I don't I I don't have a
job. I just sit and play with tech
all day, so I get to, like, experiment.
Well, listen. This is why people watch the
podcast. You're gonna learn stuff. This is great.
This is awesome.
Alright. Okay. So
I mean, I'm assuming I'm not done your
source y bash nonsense. Right? But I could
probably.
Alright. Cool.
We'll scroll down, and we've got the ability
to verify. So this is gonna run the
checks. I'm I should probably done that before
I stuck it in my user local, but
that's fine. And you Yeah. I'm here. Yeah.
You can yell at me if it's insecure.
Yeah.
Mean, where did I download it from? Oh,
GitHub releases. Yeah. We're we're good. Unless someone's
broken into your CICD pipeline, we should be
okay.
You also have a Kubernetes plugin that
required me to have crew installed, which I
can do.
I don't know. Does it get a starter
guide require Kubernetes? Should I get this ready?
No. No. No. No need. Yeah.
I like crew,
but I'm a
I just use to control standard stuff for
everything because it works everywhere. So
alright.
Alright. We've done the boarding, but let's
go to running. So from here, we are
going to
get a demo application.
So now it's Yeah. Yeah.
See, we we switch over eventually. We get
there.
Alright. So
this is filling. Okay. So you're using JQ
to get the latest release, get the download
URL, and
it's you you just want me to pull
down a binary.
Yeah. I mean, you can also do it
with Golang if you have Go installed,
but it's basically just a a little demo
service that it's got a couple bugs in
it that will,
you know, trigger and and show you how
the rules work.
Alright. And there is Kubernetes. You know what?
I mean, I made it we'll see how
how time goes. Right? But, you know, the
fact that I can apply the demo application
to Kubernetes cluster, we'll maybe do that as
well. I am gonna go with a Go
approach. Just Cool.
Why not?
And I'll I'll keep my output.
Yeah. One one thing to note for the
demo, it does need you to save the
logs to a log file to run precon.
Okay.
That's fine. I just wanna see what we're
in first before I rewrite it. Makes sense.
That makes sense. We we do need to
update it so that it can actually print
to both standard out and log to a
file.
What version of Go do you have? I
think this was compiled with one two four
one, so it should be fine. Looks like
it's working.
Yeah. I think
Go doesn't do dash dash, does it? Yeah.
One twenty four three. What are you? Look
at that.
Oh, I'm on Arch. We're all industrial. Right?
So That's true. That's a good point.
Maybe I should have just pulled down the
banner. Anyway, it's running. We've a web server
port eighty eighty.
Now I'll write I
can't remember what your file name was. But
Yeah. And, actually, you wanna do standard in
or sorry, standard out and standard air, both
to prec dot log.
Okay.
That should do it. Cool. I think.
But that's gonna run forever because it's a
global binary, so let's just kill that and
Preak.
Alright.
Do I need the downloading Go stuff? Is
that part of the process? Or No. No.
But you do wanna leave it running. The
the getting started guide will have you submit
an API request to trigger a bug, and
then we'll use break to detect it and
show you how to how to work how
to work week.
Alright. So now we're gonna curl. We're gonna
see some things. That sounds good to me.
Let's split to the right since we've got
a bit more space.
And, yeah, we've broken the thing. So
And it does look like only standard error
or sorry. Standard out went to the log.
Maybe check the log to confirm,
but I think standard error was not into
the log.
Yeah.
And the and the and the docs that
you can copy and paste it there. Yeah.
It's So I need a dash e.
So
dash e perk.
That's cool. Can I put them in different
files, do want them in the same file?
We're gonna run them in the same file.
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh, plus see,
New Shell. I'm learning. Right? Okay. So
can I do that with save?
Alright.
I know I can do that.
What did I do wrong?
The copy and paste will work. You can
use that. It's the tried and true to,
you know, greater
than sign.
I know, but I wanna make it work.
Oh, force. Alright. Okay. So I I could
probably just do am
dash o plus e.
I
I don't know.
What am I doing?
F wants a foul name. He wants a
foul. Everything wants a foul name.
Right.
I believe in you, David. I believe in
you. Let's just jump back to bash because
Wait. You can't do some bash? Oh, interesting.
Okay.
Or so you can't do some new shell.
The the the okay. Cool. There you go.
So
Let me check the log. Carl.
Give me Carl. There we go.
I bet that didn't work with it.
I don't think that it did.
I just wanna state the address
dash e path.
Only works with dash r. Save failures are
all binary.
Oh. Let's copy and paste it. I'm not
I I don't wanna fade it. So what
yeah. What the the trick is, at least
in Bash, you have to
output it to the file. And then after
that, put the the standard error
the the, like, the, you know, the full
standard error center dot trick at the end.
Ah, right. Okay. Okay. It's it's in the
docs if you wanna copy paste it. I've
done that
this way. And, I mean, I'm sure I
could just pop open Claude and say, how
do I see dash air in your shell
with standard out of standard? I use Claude
all day now. Like, I see if Claude's
code was just a a shell.
I I would love in it. So
okay. We got what we wanted.
Let's pop back over here. So
we got output. We got this, and now
we want to detect a problem. So the
way the Preq works and get us get
us back on track now. Right? We can
take logs of our application,
pipe them into PREC. We're passionate in a
dash o. I don't know where that is
yet. And then we've got the the input
modifier
to read from a file, and that's just
gonna analyze the logs and tell us what
went wrong, and we're gonna see output like
this. That's right. Easy. Yep. It's basically any
time stamped
line line carriage return delimited data,
it'll it'll parse and and run rules on.
And since you haven't run it without dash
v, it hasn't loaded rules yet. And so
what'll probably happen, what should happen, when you
run it, it'll ask you and prompt you,
do you wanna download the latest CRVs?
And we could talk about what CRVs are.
We probably haven't we haven't mentioned that yet.
We're do this first, and then see if
that that actually happens.
And the dash o is just saying, hey.
Let's let's print it out to standard out.
So the the dash is the name of
putting it standard out.
Right? And, actually, to get the updates, you
do first have to do
a quick authentication
to get the actual the the all the
updates come out every couple days, and they're
signed. So this allows you to download those.
And maybe while you're doing that, I I
can talk a little bit about what CREs
are. So common reliability enumerations, it's a schema.
You go to prequel dev slash c r
e on GitHub.
It's a schema that defines
reliability problems. So it gives you sort of
a title, a severity,
the mitigation, the impact, and the cause, as
well as a rule to detect it. And
since its main purpose in life is to
codify this reliability intelligence, this knowledge of failure,
and couple the detection with a mitigation so
that you can start with the detection first.
Nice.
So I should be saying yes to updating
the rules, and that's gonna pull in this
community focused
thing. And here's the answer. You run a
command with an out plus e greater than,
and then you can save it. Thanks, Claude.
Thank
you, Claude.
Alright. I am gonna run that again.
It looks like it worked. It it yeah.
So it I just wanna I just wanna
get some shit. Oh,
j q failed. Why?
Because there is Yeah. Yeah. So you can
do dash q,
and then it'll only get the j q
output.
Yep. Yeah.
So dash o dash. The dash is the
name of the output to standard out. And
so if you do that dash q. Yep.
And then dash o.
Oh. Like you had before. Yep. Now I'll
try that. That should work. There we go.
Alright.
So this is now telling us that we
have a
demo application crashing due to environment misconfiguration.
It's categorized. We've got some tags.
You were the author.
Not
color me surprised.
Mhmm. Impact cause mitigation references.
So alright. Cool. Yeah. And the idea here
is that, like, you you often when a
problem happens, you'll you'll end up doing your
own investigation and land on some GitHub issues
or,
you know, some Stack Overflow or Google
discussion forum.
And so this is really just codifying all
of that knowledge here. So you have those
references available,
the mitigation if it's available,
and the actual rule to detect it.
So I I wanna understand correlation here. Right?
So
I just ran a random binary that you
provided. Right? It's your demo application.
When you say that this is a community
understood
error, reliability,
whatever
the vocabulary is there at the lexicon,
Are we saying that someone has said, okay.
I have got this error here that came
across to prequel, submitted it, and then typed
in some details or maybe it's a pull
request. I don't know. We can get into
that. And then this information is what comes
out of it. So this is specific not
to this
application, although I guess it has because the
Go package is all here, but as it
as it these two lines that caused us
to be matched up with this. Yeah. The
yeah. The panic line and then some data
and the actual stack trace itself. But, yeah,
you're you're spot on. So the the
the cool thing that we're trying to do
with CREs is something that we I worked
really well in security
to detect problems, and that was doing sequences.
So,
a followed by b followed by c
and correlations on those sequences. So I only
wanna know about a followed by b followed
by c if they have the same, you
know, node or IP address, whatever it is,
and then negative conditions. So don't tell me
about a b c if d happened.
That works really well in security. Just those
very high level primitives across different data types
to describe
effectively describe problems,
but those were security problems.
And so with PREC,
you can do the same thing with these
correlations and and sequences and even sets,
so any order.
And you can do that on log data,
configuration data,
you know, even time series data and some
other data types
and to do correlations across those. And that's
a really powerful way. Imagine if you had
some Kubernetes problem. You're running this service in
Kubernetes.
And let's say this happens sometimes on startup.
Well, that would be a nice opportunity to
write a rule that says, don't tell me
about this if there's, like, a, you know,
a Kubernetes event that's telling me that this
pod was just created. But if this is
happening after it's been running for a while,
I definitely wanna know about it.
So that's the cool thing about the language.
And if you go to the docs, the
syntax reference, there's a very big long section
that kind of describes about all of the
different primitives that you can do. It it
definitely gets kind of complicated. The the getting
started guide is just a very simple example,
but it it's sort of bringing the sequencing
and correlations and negative conditions to reliability data.
That's kind of the whole point of Greek.
So this is a very simple example.
But you can find kind of more complicated
examples.
If, like, if you go to play.people.dev,
there's some more complicated examples there on the
playground
and then even in the reference to. And
the playground here is gonna take you to
building another rule. That's kind of the getting
started
guide. We'll actually walk you through building a
rule.
But if you just
if you just go to play.prequel.dev
so this is actually linking you to it.
Just maybe type,
yeah. Just type get rid of that end
part there. Perfect.
So you scroll down there. Here's a here's
a rule, a real rule that's, for a
real problem in RabbitMQ. And if you scroll
down to the bottom bottom, you can see
kind of what the conditions are looking for.
It's a regular expression query for a certain
pattern,
and it's also got a negative condition. And
the negative condition is basically this this problem
is
routing queue can sometimes the underlying Erlang process
can get overloaded whenever it's processing too many
persistent queues in a, like, a three or
four node cluster, And it can cause us,
like, really bad outage, and it doesn't emit
any metrics. It tells you something bad's going
on. But it sometimes can also happen normally
on a on a shutdown when there's a
sig term. So that's why the negative condition's
there. Because when that happens, it's like, okay.
Not that big of a deal. We're we're
actually shutting down the cluster. But when it
happens on boot, it's not good because it's
actually hard to detect.
And so that's just kind of like a
a more
complex example, but still relatively simple. And you
can actually do, like, nested
conditions too. So you could say, alright, let
me look for this problem is happening in
RabbitMQ,
and then this problem is happening in NGINX,
and this problem is happening in ScrubinesEvents.
You can kinda do this distributed matching thing,
which is kinda fun.
Nice.
Alright.
I have to add to negate just to,
you know, test if this works. So what
we're saying is this adder should could be
expected under
these circumstances.
So we're just gonna ignore.
Is the
you know, I'm a developer, a platform engineer,
SRE operator.
You know? Obviously, things are going wrong every
single day. Yep. Everyone's production has errors.
Do I
get my logs straight onto my local machine,
run them through Preak?
Is there automation? Does this look like I
can imagine there would be a really sweet
path here where this took some tools like
Sentry where they're catching all the exceptions. And
then it's just we're getting a comment from
Preak on, oh, this is because you have
done this or whatever. Like, what is the
default modality? How do people consume this? What's
the Yeah. Yeah. Great great question. So if
you go back to the docs kinda further
down after creating your own rule,
there's a couple of automated runbooks that Preak
supports.
So you can send a Slack notification.
You can create a Jira ticket, or you
can run an executable, and it'll pass that
Jira or that JQ that JSON object as
standard data into that executable, and you can
you can do something automated there.
There's some some automated runbooks that you can
do, and then you can also set up
a a cron job. So if you're running
this on bare metal,
on your Mac OS laptop, wherever, you can
do set up a cron job, and there's
a capability in the tool to generate that
template for you. And if you're in a
Kubernetes cluster, there's a group plugin, and we
can generate a a Kubernetes Cron job there
too. And and, basically, the way it looks
is that you specify the services that you
wanted to look at or the jobs or
daemon sets, whatever it is.
It'll run that on a schedule. And then
for any any anytime there's a detection, it'll
take one of those automated runbook actions. And
kind of the cool thing with the automated
runbooks is that you can you see the
regular expression field there. You can route different,
you know, CREs to different actions using a
regular expression.
So it's kind of like the the soup
to nuts workflow is, you know, you've got
some services that, you know, you wanna,
like, stay up to date. Like, let's say
you're using PyMongo and some service, and you
wanna make sure that you're getting the latest
PyMongo detections.
You would just schedule that job for that
service. You know, every time it runs, it's
gonna check for updates and use those.
And then if there are any hits, it'll
send those to your Outlook.
Alright. Nicholas in the chat has the same
question. I'm gonna reword it just for the
way that I had it in my head,
but it's I think it's the exact same
question.
Obviously,
as someone who is responsible for our production
infrastructure,
I'm not just leaving my logs in or
Kubernetes.
I am shipping them somewhere. The chances are
I'm writing them to locate, in FluxDB,
anywhere, Elasticsearch.
Right?
So as far as an automated way for
Creek to be aware of this, are there
connectors for Rawkode Elasticsearch?
How how do we make this real time
or at least as close to real time
Yeah. Yeah. As we as we can? Is
that something that Preak supports?
Yeah. So we're
couple things maybe to to mention on on
this question because it's it's very good question.
And maybe the the really quick answer is
yes. That's definitely an integration that's on the
road map. We're we're gonna support that.
But we're also changing
the paradigm a little bit here too architecturally.
So,
traditionally, in reliability, when it comes to monitoring,
you often take your data and ship it
somewhere else.
And
there are sometimes problems with doing that.
Sometimes it's a lot of data. And if
you're lucky enough to have a big enough
lucky cluster that your company or organization is
gonna pay for, that's cool. But if you
have to pay for it in Datadog or
somewhere else,
that can get expensive and unpredictable too. Actually,
that's sometimes the more surprising problem
with sending your data somewhere else is that,
you know, next month, if you accidentally have
some bug that generated a million logs a
day,
your your chief financial officer might be calling
you up the following month.
And so instead of sending the all of
this data somewhere else, we actually bring the
detections, the rules themselves
to the data. And we do that for
a couple of reasons. The one is
you actually because you don't have to send
this data anywhere,
you get access to much more data that
otherwise you would be crazy to send somewhere
else, like process exit events. You'd be a
crazy person to continuously
collect this data just in case you need
it because it's a lot. But when you
run the rule where the data exists, you
don't have to send it anywhere. Now that's
available to you as an input into a
rule, which is really cool. So that was
the main reason we did it, but the
nice side effect that you don't have to
ship all of this data somewhere else.
And so the the architecture is set up
where you can actually push this out to
the edge,
bring the rules where the data sits,
get all of these benefits of the real
time detections on more data that's too expensive
to send somewhere else.
The side effect, don't have to, you know,
increase your bill.
Another another kinda cool thing is that because
you're sitting where the data sits,
your automated runbooks, the actual thing that's gonna
take some actions, already there and can do
something.
Whereas if you've got,
you know, the data is shipped somewhere else,
you now need an integration to reach back
in to actually take an action. And so
sort of, you know, where do you wanna
have the integration? You wanna have the integration
on the, like, data shipping side where it
could be expensive, or do you wanna have
the integration on the the the automated action
side? And so that's kind of, like, the
the thinking there. But all that being said,
absolutely, we're gonna add capabilities.
You know? Just let me me occasionally look
at CloudWatch data. Let me look at something
that's in Loki, wherever it is, and we'll
match on that too. And and that's that's
kind of the cool thing with the language
is that's totally supportable and and definitely something
we're gonna add to Greek.
Okay. So you kinda you support whatever
mode operators really wanna go. Exactly. I like
idea of presampling
because then you're getting the most value for
your buck, like you said. Yeah. And I
don't need to forward all that data onto
LOKI. But then another another common part could
just be write everything to Loki with a
really short time to live of three hours
through the common through the the detection and
then put that onto longer term storage. But
Yep. With sampling. We're very strict sampling. If
people aren't sampling on production,
you've got too much money. Yeah. That's right.
That's right. And we use it on our
back end too. So instead of saving all
the log data with fluent bit, you know,
all the time, we'll write rules for like,
hey, we definitely wanna know about this when
it happens.
You know, let's tell us about it and
then we'll save kind of the data around
it.
Well, don't give us, you know, 10% of
that story. Let's talk about the preproduction log
pipeline. Like, so how are you collecting logs?
How is prec embedded into this? You're using
Fluent Bit. Do you wanna just give us
the details on that? I'd love to hear.
Yeah, yeah. So we're not using Fluent Bit.
Yeah,
yeah, yeah. Literally,
we're just saving the logs to the underlying
container runtime, saving it via journal d to
the log files in the Kubernetes cluster.
And then we have a daemon set that
does a couple of interesting things, one of
which we'll
monitor for all these
log files from the container. So we'll get
the containers, start creation events from the runtime,
and then open up a file descriptor to
those logs,
and then match on all the data. And
one of the cool things about the rules
is that we're actually not running the rules
on everything all the time. So you'll see
in the rule a data source. That allows
us to specify, hey, this is a rule
for
cre.log.nginx.
There's sort of a definition that goes behind
the data source that says, alright. Match on
this image URL or container name or whatever
it is.
And so that rule will only actually compile
and broaden the environment if nginx is running.
And so that's basically what we use for
our production problems.
Know, like, actually, we just had an issue
yesterday where a customer was upgrading one of
our clusters and there was an issue.
We have a detection for that job status
failure, we have a detection that fires for
that and kind of saves all the data.
And that's a rare event. And so we
didn't have to send all of this data
and store it in CloudWatch and save all
of it for all time.
It's just a detection that fires, and we
know we actually need that data.
All right.
I'm curious now. Obviously, we played with this
example in the playground. This is nice. We
run the rule. We get this nice bit
of information on the right, and we can
see the hits and stuff. Now assuming in
my production environment, I'm using OpenTelemetry.
I'm writing my logs to locate. They're gonna
in JSON format. Is that a problem for
Preak, or is it just gonna swallow those
up? It'd be quite happy to parse them.
Yeah. It it's it runs side by side
just fine. It's more like a first line
of defense. So
we have a lot of customers and users
that are you know, they need to save
that data for compliance reasons.
But they're they also don't wanna go
crawling through a mile long dashboard when there's
a problem and and would like to just,
know, hey. If there's a new problem for,
Redis tomorrow that comes out, I'll get a
detection for that. And I didn't have to
write the monitor. Just there you go. It's
there.
And because the data is not getting shipped
anywhere for Preq, it's just data is in
your cluster. We're not doing anything with it.
It's very cheap to do. It's very cheap
to run.
Cool.
I always like to test, but yeah. No.
It's good. It's good. It's good.
And, yeah, there's
a lot of different timestamp formats that are
supported in the PREC tool and then the
commercial products using the container runtime CRI format
for all of the timestamps for the data.
Yeah. I'm assuming, you know, my dot dot
is not supported, but, you know, that's fine.
Cool.
I like this. So
I I I've got a few different ways
I kinda wanna take this now. And Nicholas
in the chat says, yes. Thank you for
that extended answer. That was perfect.
Okay. So
I can switch the size.
I'm curious about the CREs.
So Yeah. I'm assuming this is the public
community
driven
That's right. Repository where all of the CREs
live and exist. Is that correct? Mhmm. That's
right. Alright. Nice.
So because I'm assuming,
you know, your product is as good as
this repository.
Like
Yeah. For Preak, absolutely. Preak, this is the
Preak open source tool that uses the open
CREs.
Alright.
There's as an alternative version. Is this your
enterprise
product? No. No. No. We we we have
an alternative commercial version. So not all of
the roles we we have a reliability research
team, the people reliability research team
that works with, you know, customers,
open source issues, and and a growing community
of contributors, which has been kinda cool. I
actually think we have more now contributors to
the open source capability than we have people
that work at Prequel, which is awesome.
Actually, shout out to Nicholas because I definitely
know that he's one of them. So cool
to see you, Nicholas.
And, yeah, I think the rules that you're
looking at here are all of the kinda
open source contributed rules that look at things
like Loki, NATS issues, or some stuff here
in Kafka.
We're growing every day. We just released this
a couple weeks ago.
And then, yeah, we have a commercial product
where not all of those rules do get
pushed out to the open source product. Some
of them have.
We actually just published a blog earlier this
week on some NGINX worker leaks. And so
we're We made those rules
available on the blog and we're considering making
those available in the CRE repo as well.
Okay.
I'm just looking at one that was added
two days ago, some sort of on kill
for Reddit
tags, description,
cause.
Yeah. One one of when you're contributing to
the CRE repo, one of the things that's
a requirement is you have to have a
reproduction for the problem.
So it's not enough to go and, you
know, scrape an issue somewhere and say, okay.
Here's some data that explains the problem. You
actually need a reproduction.
That's mainly because sometimes these things
can have
false positives. And so you want to be
able to have a test case for, okay,
here's the actual positive conditions that have to
happen for this to be the problem. But
when you do the reproduction, you can also
see the scenarios where, okay, well, I can
also see how that would be normal and
fine and nothing's broken. Let's make sure we
actually write the negate cases to cover the
false positives.
Nice. I like this.
And we're looking for contributors too, so if
you're listening and you want to get nerd
sniped and have some fun.
Again, my background is doing vulnerability research and
exploit development, and I have more fun doing
this. It's
fun because you're fixing stuff. You're actually making
things better
and you're helping someone that you've never met
somewhere
that's about to have a really bad day
because they're scaling core DNS
and they're about to hit some mid square
scaling issue. They've never seen it before, but
there's a rule for it that can help
them if in case that happens. So I
think that world is fun to live in.
We all wanna be in that world, so
we're definitely looking for contributors.
Have you ever considered just taking the Stack
Overflow data export and, you know, go nuts
with it? Well, you know, it
sounds like a crazy idea, and it is.
And it's definitely something we still actually do
think about.
You know, definitely not doing it now, but
we are looking at different ways in which
we can scale up the research
because, yeah, there's a lot of misconfiguration
issues, no problems in open source software, anti
patterns.
There's a lot. And so that's why we're
excited about building the community because we can't
do it alone. And again, this is something
the security industry realized twenty years
You you cannot solve this problem alone. You
have to find tools
and ways to share this knowledge at, like,
machine
speed.
And that's, I think, why we get excited
about common reliability numerations.
Next.
Alright. I think I understand the project. I
understand how it works. I understand how to
contribute. I see the value. I think we're
we're doing well so far. So Awesome. You
know,
the fact that anyone watching this should hopefully
start contributing any of their outages and errors
as c
c r e's. I keep trying to say
CVEs, but I'm like, no. Don't say that.
That's the other one. The security one.
Yeah. This is cool. Is there anything we
haven't covered yet before I kinda start poking
around and coming up with silly ideas?
No. I mean, I think that's it. Again,
we're really excited about it. You know, come
star the repos. Come join us in Slack.
We're looking for contributors.
I mean, we we're very passionate about making
this world exist. We don't wanna start with
the investigation.
We wanna start with the detection. Let's do
that.
We want that world to be true. So
come come hang out if you like that
world and you wanna live in that world
because we do too.
Alright. Well, let's jump back to the CLI
then. So we've got this thing here.
Now when I ran the first time, I
did have to to log in,
and I got some sort of snapshot of
that repository stored locally with the the rules.
What is the how do I keep this
up to date? Is it do that automatically?
Is it something I should trigger on a
cron job? Like, how do I make sure
I have the latest
CREs for running against my log data?
Yeah. Good question. So it's an automatic update.
You don't have to schedule anything. It'll it'll
do a check-in
two different ways.
The first check is just like a UDP
packet with, like, a latency timeout of a
hundred milliseconds. Like, hey. Is there a new
version available? If so, let's tell someone they
can download it.
And then every couple of days, there's, like,
a a more guaranteed TCP check. It's like,
hey. Is there a new update available?
We we're pushing out updates from the community
about two or three times a week.
It'll probably stay at that pace for for
a while.
And yeah. So really do you don't have
do anything. Every time you run it like
you did earlier, actually, when you started it
out, you actually just ran it to look
for that problem. It'll do that quick update
and sell it and then finish doing the
thing you asked it to do, and it
does it very fast. That's why we did
the UDP check. We wanted that update check
to be as fast as possible.
And I think we're averaging, like at least
in The US, I'm not sure about Scotland.
In The US, it's for around forty milliseconds
for that check.
I'm actually curious what your latency was for
UDP packet. We'll have to find out.
Yeah.
I have no idea. I mean, I'm also
on
I I my office is a listed building,
so I'm not allowed fiber even though I
can see the fiber point on the ground
outside, but they can't drill in my building.
That's very annoying. And so I have use
five fast.
Yeah. Yeah. I use five g. And it's
it's okay. It has its good days and
its bad days. Yeah. Yeah. Great. My my
cofounder's latency, Linda's listening right now, and so
I'm very excited to say that his latency
for DNS lookups is, like, six hundred milliseconds,
and I don't know how you survive a
human in his house. I don't know how
you do it, Linden.
I don't know how you do it.
Hard hard pass on that one for sure.
Alright. Maybe you can talk what's the in
fact, let me push this back to,
like, face mode.
There we go.
Well, you've got a commercial product. Right? You're
trying to make this something that is open
source and available to anyone. There is a
community contributing thing. But, of course, open source
has to be sustainable. Right? This is something
that people often forget, and they go, ah,
closed source. Done.
Actually,
off my audio interface. But how
how do you build a business around this?
How do you make sure that the open
source project has a long shelf life that
people can trust and adopt? Because that's obviously
gonna be an important part of your mission,
which means you have to have a successful
company buying it. So maybe you could go
into that in a bit more detail, folks.
Yeah. A really good question.
So
the way we think about it is
the the schema for common reliability enumerations, it
is really important for that to be open.
Because if you want to have a community
of practitioners, engineers,
customer support,
you know, people
using, contributing, growing
these rules, it's really important that it that
it be open. So that's that's why we
decided to make it Apache two.
And the Preq tool itself
actually uses a lot of the exact it's
basically the same compiler. So if you go
to the, you know, Preql dash compiler and
the Gel repo, that's the same thing that's
in the commercial product.
But there are some key differences,
and the key differences are on the types
of data that you can run the rules
on. And that's kinda how we make this
balance kinda to your to your question.
For the open source tool, it will work
on log data and configuration data.
For the commercial product, we look at Kubernetes
events,
process events, and OOMs,
time series data, OpenTelemetry
data,
you know, all of the support for, like,
running it on, you know, ECS or,
some kind of CloudWatch based data. Those
data sources probably only live in the commercial
product. And another key difference
between the open source product and the commercial
product is around correlations.
So the open source product is kind of
a
one data source at a time. If you
wanna look at this one service for problems
with this one service, it's great for that.
But if you really wanna look at, hey.
I need to know when
my
back end service is having a bunch of
GraphQL
500s,
and it's causing
my user facing NGINX service to generate 500s
to the users on the API,
like in correlating those two things at the
same time, that's where the commercial product and
the language works really well for those correlations.
But you you can't do that in Greek.
And that's really it. That's the key kind
of the key difference, but it's the same
codes. Like, the the compiler that we're using,
the commercial product, is actually that compiler code
that's in the open source version. And we're
not gonna, like, have two different versions. We're
actually using the same thing. So that's kinda
how we
keep it going and and make it easy
for us to support the commercial product because
it's it's the same code base. And using
that data source and correlation distinction kinda line
kinda makes it easy to
continue supporting the open source version, but have
a lot of really cool value in the
enterprise product.
Okay.
If I remember correctly from earlier on, right,
you also said there's the
open source CREs, but you maintain your own
proprietary database of CREs. How would you make
that decision then when your team come across
something? Should it live in a provider one?
Should it live in the open source one?
And do you have any sort of pledge
to the community that things that go into
the proprietary one after twelve
months will make their way down to, like,
open source? Like, how do you build around
us and give people you know, because the
better the open source repository, it's the better
the product edge, and hopefully, that leads to
more adoption of the commercial Yeah. Absolutely. Of
course, this is this is a a tight
rope that a lot of open source companies
have to trade on carefully. So Yeah. I
I it's actually what's kinda cool about drawing
the line on correlations
is that
if you can detect the problem entirely within
that one data source, then it probably should
just be an open source rule. Most
rules, I think, are going to be shaped
like that. Now, when it comes to,
hey, this is actually kind of a really
hard thing to detect because you need to
look at four different things happening at once,
and
you need to also reduce
some false positives here. That's where correlations are
really important.
That's only going to be something that would
be available in the commercial rules for the
commercial product. And so I think that's how
we're thinking about it.
Think we're honestly, we're excited to see where
the community takes us.
And as we get more contributors and kind
of more users on PREC and CREs,
we're
listening to what people need.
And so I don't think we actually have
a hard and fast rule. This is something
during my time at Elastic working with open
source,
we would very often try to brainstorm, okay,
what's the rule, the principle that we're going
to use to make the same decision?
And we
tried many times to come up with a
rule and it never worked because every situation
was unique.
So I think we don't have really a
hard, fast rule. It's really just let's go
where
customers and users of the open source projects
see value and need value, and and that's
what we're gonna do.
K. Awesome.
And I'm assuming, Prik, the open source CLI
that you said is the basis for the
commercial product and the open and obviously open
source one.
If people want to contribute to that, is
that something that is approachable? How do they
get started?
Like, you know because I'm doing this until
I think that the appeal, right, of why
I want to use this is is may
and date. That's the wrong thing.
What is what am I trying to say?
It's universal. Everybody wants to use it. I
can imagine, like, nobody was saying, oh, I'm
not gonna use that. Right? It's right there.
Why would you not use it?
How do people get contribute into the open
source project if that's what they want to
do? Right? You mentioned there's the compiler. There's
the.
Those obviously, the CRUs. Right? Let's put that
to the side because those, I think, are
a completely different
construct to contribute in code. How do we
do that?
So the the all of our code
base is in Go. So that's kinda the
first question is, are you comfortable in Go?
And if not,
it is a little bit harder to contribute
to the actual
the the code base itself.
But if you do know Go,
we want to be as approachable as possible.
In fact, we were actually just talking with
someone
on Monday that was like, hey. Your
contributing docs talk about how you wanna open
up an issue and have a discussion first.
And that That made me feel like you
weren't wanting to accept PRs because you would
just kind of go off and have this
conversation that nothing would actually ever happen. Like,
Oh, that's a bug in our docs, and
we're going to fix that. Because we
want as many contributors as possible. We want
as many ideas as possible, and so we
want it to be as easy as possible
to contribute.
So I think if
you know Go, come hang out with us,
join our Slack. But even if you don't,
like you just said earlier, you don't need
to know Go to contribute CREs. The language
is very, very simple. It's just YAML,
and it's like string pattern matching in regular
expressions. You can actually do JQ queries in
that too, but it's very easy to write.
And so, yeah, I think we're welcoming contributors
on both the actual code base itself, but
also CREs.
Nice.
Alright. I I mean, I was asking also
firstly the selfish reasons because I know Go.
I think I could probably contribute a different
idea.
We're doing it. I mean, my my initial
thought was, you know, I'm not a big
fan of the piping the logs through and
stuff like that. Like, what if Preak could
have, like, a run command that just ran
the thing for me and grabbed the logs?
Like, I think that would be a an
interesting approach. But I understand that.
Is built into
the tools. We kinda didn't get into it,
but you can specify data sources. You can
say, alright. Siri dot log dot nginx
is at this file path. And then that's
just the YAML file. So you can run
Preak, and it'll and then you can put
one file path or many. You can put
it in a priority order.
So it'll do that too. If you wanna,
like, run this on a more consistent basis,
you can define all those data sources in
the file. You don't have to pipe via
standard in. Standard in is kind of a
there's a very fast way to, like, see
how it works. But, yeah, if you're running
it on a more regular basis kind of
in production, you you'd be using the data
start the data source file.
Oh, nice. Okay. I'll definitely be taking a
look at that then. Alright. Let's go with
one more question.
Like, what is your your road map? So
what are you looking to do with Preak
over the next three months, six months, nine
months? Definitely not. How how how far how
far ahead have you planned?
Yeah. Yeah. So I'll I'll answer it from
both the context of Preak and then the
commercial product Prequel. So for Preak,
we're really focused on the CRE library and
bringing in more contributors
and actually actively reaching out to
experts in Kafka
community and RabbitMQ,
NGINX,
Redis,
Postgres,
and and really just, hey. What are some
of the problems that you've been running across?
Let's start codifying that intelligence so that everyone
can benefit from your knowledge.
And so our road map for Preq and
the open source tool is
primarily focused on growing that community
and then trying to
find features that would unlock its usage. So
this week, we actually just added the automated
runbooks
because we had someone
last week tell us like, hey. I would
like to have some automation here to, like,
actually have it do something when a specific
rule is fired.
And so for a open source project, it's
primarily focused on growing the contributors for rules
and adding features that would make it even
easier to use
and sort of grow adoption.
Then the commercial product, it's really all about
focusing on data sources.
And so one of the features that we're
really excited about is adding time series data
so that you can do these correlations across
logs, configuration data, Kubernetes events, and some event
that's generated from a rule on time series
data.
I think that's kind of something that maybe
you'd be kind of a crazy person to
think is feasible to do, kind of like
doing these correlations across like a bunch of
time series data and log data. And I
I think that's like doing sequences and correlations
across all of the different data types is
really, really powerful.
And so that's one of the things that
we're really focused on right now as well
as,
again, just growing the commercial role library there
as well. So that's kind of at a
high level
for Preak and the commercial product, what we're
focused on for the next year. And then
maybe one other thing to talk about
from the commercial product standpoint, you know, you
were just you were using Claude
in your your command line there.
I think one of the really powerful ways
to leverage
AI and LLMs
is,
at least in the Porsche product, two ways.
One is in explaining what happened.
So the cool thing about these rules is
it builds this tree
of kind of things that were matched across
different data sources and has specific hits like
you saw on the playground, like actually what
fired. So with all of that data, like,
what are these entities, these data sources?
What are the matches?
And what was the rule actually trying to
do? The rule itself describes the problem, the
mitigation.
AI is really good at summarizing
this in a story, almost like a notebook.
This is, Okay. Here's what happened. First,
this log data right here, this log mesh,
this is what this means. Then this time
series metric kind of exploded.
These rules really do it's really good scaffolding
upon which an LLM can kind of summarize
for someone
a story, like, Tell me what happened. Instead
of choosing my own adventure through the data,
it's
awesome to have an explanation on top of
that, a really simple one. And then the
other one is if you've ever used Cursor
for
AI autocomplete,
rule creation is another really cool opportunity to
leverage AI in the product, and that's another
thing that we're working on this year.
Awesome. Nice.
Yeah. I mean, you're right about the
the model stuff. Like,
you know, people are always asking which model
is better between, like, the OpenAI stuff, the
cloud stuff. You know? There's a Mistral models.
There's Gemini. Mean, I these models are only
as good as the curation of the data
that they're trained on. Mhmm. So when it
comes to what you're building with the CREs
and that open source collective knowledge, the library
of
problems that happen with applications, the version numbers,
And then it's all that extra metadata that
you're providing, the impact analysis and all. Exactly.
That is
is gold dust for for models to ingest
and help you understand production infrastructure. So that,
I think, is a no brainer. Like, I
see a very positive AI tie in with
what you're building with the CRE model and
the open sources of that and the collective
notch. I think that's really powerful. And that's
only gonna get better over time. Right? Give
that another six months, another two years, and
that repository is gonna be huge and just
have so much more information. So that's a
very exciting thing.
Awesome.
That was great. Aman in the chat saying
that was a great session as well. I'm
glad that was helpful.
I hope you do go and contribute to
the project. And now is the time for
sure. There's lots of good things on the
road map and, yeah,
a noble cause as well.
Any last words for me, Tony, or the
audience before we wrap this up?
Come give us a star. It helps us
out. It's shameless plug, but, like, please, it
it actually does help. So, you know, go
to GitHub,
prequel dash dev preq, and give it a
star.
We're definitely looking for contributors. But honestly, I
think we're
kind of crazy people
because we're a little obsessed with trying to
make this world exist.
We're just really looking for like minded people
that want to contribute and help. Come join
us in community Slack.
We'll do anything and everything to help you
get started. And David, I'm going to reach
out and we're going to Don't let me
discourage you that we already had that feature.
We'll find something else. You can contribute. We're
going make it happen.
Thank you for your time. This is great.
I mean, I didn't I don't think I
mentioned this earlier, but I actually
spent two years working in FluxDB. So time
series data and correlation. I saw I saw
it. I understand how valuable it is when
you can take a series of data and
as you know, measure the occurrences of something
over not just seconds, days, but months and
years, understanding seasonality
in the data. All of this contributes to
reliability in the long haul. And I think
you're on the right If that you're looking
into how to do these advanced correlations,
I think will be invaluable to the community
and to your your, you know, customers in
the long run as well. So stick on
that. And if I can help in any
way, I would love to chat and add
more. But for today, I think we've covered
a lot. It's a really cool project. And,
again, it's not it's not easy to have
an open source company and make it sustainable.
So I wish you all the best of
luck as a noble mission. And to everyone
watching, contribute, check it out, give them that
star, and, hopefully, your reliability will be improved.
So with that, I will say goodbye. Thank
you so much for your time, Tony. We
will speak soon. And to everyone watching, have
a great day. Thank you, David. Adios.